fixed cron job interpretation in the example (#47652)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs.md

# * * * * *
```

> For example, `0 3 * * 1` means this cron job is scheduled to run weekly on a Monday at 3 AM.

Reviewer: OK, but keep the “task“ part:
```suggestion
For example, `0 3 * * 1` means this task is scheduled to run weekly on a Monday at 3 AM.
```

> For example, `0 0 13 * 5` means this cron job will run at midnight(12:00 AM) on Friday the 13th of every month.

Reviewer 2: This is a weird crontab spec. The date has to be a Friday, and it has to be the 13th day of a month ... emm.
I'd suggest we change this to something more realistic.

> For example, `0 0 1,10,20 * 1,3,5` means this cron job is scheduled to run at midnight on the 1st, 10th, and 20th of each month, but only if those days fall on a Monday, Wednesday, or Friday.

Reviewer 3: This is a complex crontab too -- requiring both a specific set of dates and days of the week.

Could we use something that triggers weekly on a Monday at 3am? I don't think this example needs to be super in depth, folks can go to the cron docs for complex cron setup.
